website/docs: fix openssl rand commands (#9554)
goauthentik/authentik: website/integrations/sources/freeipa/index.md

1. Log into FreeIPA.

> 2. Create a user in FreeIPA, matching your naming scheme. Provide a strong password, example generation methods: `pwgen 64 1` or `openssl rand 36 | base64`. Once done click `Add and Edit`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Create a user in FreeIPA, matching your naming scheme. Provide a strong password, example generation methods: `pwgen 64 1` or `openssl rand 36 | base64`. After you are done click **Add and Edit**.
```
